Do you have a car? Do you have a house?
Is the job stable?
How many marriages and how many children?
An RV must have one.
5 marriages
Three daughters?
What if your mother marries me?
Don't go out.
Give me a son
It's okay, just take the baby at home
I have three daughters and still have to give birth
Uncle fixes your mind all day long
Excuse me.
Your height and appearance
Its plans for the future are not suitable for my mother and you
Hey, today is also a day when I failed to find my father.
Let a kid come on a blind date with me
They also dislike my height and appearance
A married person.
I see what else you can find
Che hum
Marry your grandson
Someone as good as me
Bride price 3 million
I have to pay for my monthly living expenses 50,000 and?
Household chores have to be handled by the nanny
My hands
Can it be used for cooking?
That's easy to say.
This is my little star.
You have to take care of it
He is not in good health and does not like to communicate with others
You need to spend more time with him
Be a good mother
how
Let me take care of a child born to another woman
Dream
Let an old woman
Bring a little something out on a blind date
Weird enough
You want me to take care of this little thing?
Xiaoya who doesn't even want a mother
How can you say that about stars?
Am I wrong?
Has he said a word since he just walked in the door?
I don't think it's just a little dumb
He's a little fool, right?
Little fool, did your mother run away because of you?
Oops, all just came out for a blind date.
Hahahaha
Don't bully the elderly and children in broad daylight
Come and continue
I'll see if I can get a hot search today.
Who are you? Mind your own business
I'm just someone who doesn't like you.
A passerby who bullies the elderly and children
People and children are so cute
Where did I provoke you to bully him like this?
Don't worry.
As long as I'm around, no one dares to bully him
Be gentle, he will protect me
Like a mother on TV
Mommy
Why are you here?
I tried your blind date for you today.
He can't, let's meet again tomorrow
So you are also here for a blind date.
Since you like this little mute's words so much
Then you should be his mother
The girl was born handsome
So kind at heart
It's just right to be a star mother
That's a good idea.
Girl, my grandson is excellent
Hey, wait a minute.
I'll call him right away.
You will definitely like him.
Hahaha yes
I won't change it today.
Where is the brat
Come to me for a blind date immediately
Grandma, you're going to help me on a blind date again
Didn't I tell you?
I don't beat brats now, you're 30 years old
If you don't come and give me a blind date today?
I took the stars and ran away from home
My grandparents and I went outside to fend for ourselves
Old age and death
I mean what I say.
The address will be sent to you later.
No one was seen for 20 minutes
You will never see me and Xingxing again
Go on a blind date
Girl, come, come and sit here
My grandson will be here soon.